## Speaker Bios:

**Jennifer Bryan** is a software engineer at RStudio and is also an adjunct professor of statistics at the University of British Columbia. She is an author of numerous statistics and data science projects, including UBC's STAT545 data science course, the googlesheets, readxl, and reprex R packages, and the online book "Happy Git and GitHub for the useR". She'll be speaking to us today about Version Control: The Gain You Get for Your Pain.

**Chester Ismay** is the Senior Curriculum Lead at DataCamp, an online platform for learning data science. He is a member of the Board of Directors for the RConsortium, and a co-author of various R related projects such as ModernDive.com, an online introductory data science and statistics textbook, as well as the `fivethirtyeight` and `infer` R packages. He'll be speaking to us about Using Data to Drive Curriculum Development.

**Alicia Johnson** is an Associate Professor of Statistics in the Department of Mathematics, Statistics, & Computer Science at Macalester College. Her work spans Markov chain Monte Carlo simulation techniques and their application in Bayesian analysis, as well as applications, and community engagement. She teaches a wide array of courses, including Macalester's first Bayesian statistics course. She'll be speaking to us about Authoring and Utilizing Open Source, Reproducible Statistics/Data Science Textbooks.

**Andrew Bray** Is an Assistant Professor of Statistics at Reed College. He a co-author of the OpenIntro series of open-source statistics textbooks as well as a developer of the accompanying labs. He's also a founding member of DataFest, an annual weekend long data analysis competition. He'll be speaking to us about Aligning Inference with the Tidyverse using the Infer Package, of which he is the creator and co-author. 

**Garrett Grolemund** is a Data Scientist at RStudio, where he works as both a teacher and an advocate who helps trainers teach data science with R and the Tidyverse. Along with Hadley Wickham, he is a co-author of R for Data Science AKA R4DS. If you use R yourself, you may recognize Garrett from his video courses for Datacamp.com and O'Reilly media, or for his series of popular R cheat sheets distributed by RStudio. He'll be speaking about Streamlining Your Class with RStudio.
